Add Scout repository settings section (#17498)
docker/docs: scout/dashboard.md

The **Overview** tab shows the total number of vulnerabilities across all your Scout-enabled repositories, over time. This calculation takes the most recent image in each repository to avoid including old irrelevant images.

## Repository settings

Enable Docker Scout analysis on repositories in the current organization by selecting your profile
picture and then the **Repository settings** menu item.

> Select the check boxes for the repositories on which you want to enable Docker Scout analysis and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the checkboxes for the repositories on which you want to enable Docker Scout analysis and
```

Author: Ahh, that didn't trip the style checker because of the pluralisation I think, will fix that.
